h1. LDAP Command Line Interface (CLI)

h2. Build Dependencies

* "CardMe vCard library":http://sourceforge.net/projects/cardme/. @net.sourceforge.cardme:cardme:0.3.4.01@ (deployed to Soluvas.org thirdparty repository) 

Internal note: To deploy CardMe artifacts to Soluvas.org Thirdparty repository:

bc.. mvn deploy:deploy-file -f ~/git/webdav-deployer/pom.xml \
  -Durl=dav:http://maven.soluvas.org/thirdparty \
  -Dfile=/together/Technology/Enterprise_Integration/vCard/cardme-0.3.4.01.jar \
  -DgroupId=net.sourceforge.cardme -DartifactId=cardme -Dversion=0.3.4.01 \
  -DrepositoryId=soluvas.org.thirdparty -Dpackaging=jar -DgeneratePom=true

mvn deploy:deploy-file -f ~/git/webdav-deployer/pom.xml \
  -Durl=dav:http://maven.soluvas.org/thirdparty \
  -Dfile=/together/Technology/Enterprise_Integration/vCard/cardme-0.3.4.01-javadoc.jar \
  -DgroupId=net.sourceforge.cardme -DartifactId=cardme -Dversion=0.3.4.01 -Dclassifier=javadoc \
  -DrepositoryId=soluvas.org.thirdparty -Dpackaging=jar -DgeneratePom=true

mvn deploy:deploy-file -f ~/git/webdav-deployer/pom.xml \
  -Durl=dav:http://maven.soluvas.org/thirdparty \
  -Dfile=/together/Technology/Enterprise_Integration/vCard/cardme-src-0.3.4.01.jar \
  -DgroupId=net.sourceforge.cardme -DartifactId=cardme -Dversion=0.3.4.01 -Dclassifier=sources \
  -DrepositoryId=soluvas.org.thirdparty -Dpackaging=jar -DgeneratePom=true


h2. Configuration

h3. LDAP Server



h3. Image Server



h2. Read vCard File(s)

Just for testing.

Syntax:

bc. ./ldapcli.sh vcard-read FILE [FILE ...]

Example:

bc. ./ldapcli.sh import-vcard output/vcard/facebook_1225303239_santi_mutiara_sari.vcf output/vcard/facebook_1782503068_fitrya_murbarani.vcf

h2. Convert vCard File(s) to LDIF

Syntax:

bc. ./ldapcli.sh vcard-to-ldif FILE [FILE ...]

Example:

bc. ./ldapcli.sh vcard-to-ldif output/vcard/facebook_1225303239_santi_mutiara_sari.vcf output/vcard/facebook_1782503068_fitrya_murbarani.vcf

h2. Import from vCard (WITHOUT Photo) File(s)

Syntax:

bc. ./ldapcli.sh import-vcard FILE [FILE ...]

Example:

bc. ./ldapcli.sh import-vcard output/vcard/facebook_1225303239_santi_mutiara_sari.vcf output/vcard/facebook_1782503068_fitrya_murbarani.vcf

h2. Import from vCard (WITH Photo) File(s)

Photos will be stored on a Soluvas Image Store structure (WebDAV repository + MongoDB).
They will not be stored in a LDAP "photo" attribute.

Syntax:

bc. ./ldapcli.sh import-vcardphoto FILE [FILE ...]

Example:

bc. ./ldapcli.sh import-vcardphoto output/vcard/facebook_1225303239_santi_mutiara_sari.vcf output/vcard/facebook_1782503068_fitrya_murbarani.vcf

h2. Clear All Person (WARNING: DANGEROUS!)

Delete all @objectClass=person@ entries inside the Users DN specified in @ldap-cli.properties@. 

bc. ./ldapcli.sh person-clear
